they're on their mother shipping trip
and unbelievable fish everywhere then
you'll just drop them please hook up
right up still down there Daniel you're
not reaching space bridge here very very
big fish George Daniels still fighting
it's been half an hour and they're still
down
go hard mate got his hands full
everyone's hooked up everyone's hooked
up why do we got double-header red and a
big golden trevally golden preveli oh no
any idea work at our bein daddy's a big
golden good work at Jesus Bible letting
go
okay see you later my tea oh and I
wonder slice bread see a lot of this
area is huge and Nick's just getting
smoked
yo Nick this is awesome city kid shakes
big head Chucky
look at that yeah we gonna be color
maybe big Cod you know no one could have
even the reason for the big red that it
could be looks like a big big golden to
rally Thank You Ellen he never big
golden boys a big everything try on my
that's a cracker golden do I get much
bigger than that
okay big golden light spear him in or
let him go
go on
excellent well done mate that's a goofy
good show they're just coming up to the
mark that's rock this spot is just huge
I'll zoom out of it this is from brief
about a kilometer long we were just here
we gained more fish down kilometer-long
it's cleaning up fish the whole way that
this useful Charlie ten o'clock